Considering the close as the target feature and rest of the features as the non-target features , we are facing the issue of missing non-target features on some of the dates.
We must fill all of them for training the LSTM model.
In the given dataset , none of the values in the first row is missing so , aftermath we can forward fill the missing values with the  non-missing values of  past  days of the given non-target feature.
For training the model, all the rows with missing 'close' values are omitted and then the trained model is used for prediction of the missing 'close' values.
We are going to use a LSTM model for this sequential dataset and prediction of the missing  values.  
The features of the same day (Open, High, Low, Volume) and also the past m days of data (including the past Close, Open, etc.) to predict the current Close. 
A window of [t-m, t-1] days (each day has: Open, High, Low, Volume, Close) and the current day (t) has: Open, High, Low, Volume (but not Close) and we want to predict Close at t.
All the features (Open , Close , Volume , High and Low) for past m days and the four features (Open , High , Low and Volume) for the current day are used for training. 
Process the sequence with LSTM and take the last hidden state. Concatenate with the current day's features. 
Then through Dense layers to predict the current Close.
We will create a dataset for every day  i(from m to end). Then , we split into training set ( with non-missing close value ) and the prediction set ( the days with the target close missing values) , then we train int he training set and predict on the prediction set.
We choose m to be 5. Mon - Fri
The main speciality of my current model according to me I that it combines the historical patterns with current time signals to predict chronologically like real - traders.
Later also used optimizations like Adam .100 Epochs: Sufficient to learn patterns without overfitting and Batch Training: 32 samples/batch (balance speed & accuracy).
